I do I do, my hair I don't wash myself
so I go to the salon every other day.
And um... I take care of my skin,
I do facials every once a month.
I wax my whole body once a month.
I use Estee Lauder skin products only.
And my makeup is sponsored by MAC.
And yah, and be happy. I think when you are happy,
I think it shows on your face and you'll always look younger :)
um... it's my 20th year in this business so
I came up with a book
to commemorate my whole career, my life and all that.
So that when I reach 60 I can
remember I did a book at 40.
Um and I think people all should do that.
I mean if you have gone through alot of obstacles
I think it's high time you let people know.
That's its not been a bed of roses lah.
So that's why I came up with the book.
I want people to understand the real me lah.
Everything else is just.. a FACADE.
But there is a real person behind this
whole... behind the dress and the makeup.
I really don't know, I'm very busy now.
So I will think about it next year.
So many things on my mind.
I'm doing 2 plays, I'm doing TV show, I'm doing THREE stage productions.
And I'm doing a TV show.
So I'm in the midst of recording and rehearsing, so...
hang in there, surprise is on the way!
I think what pisses me off is just generally the misconception that people have.
The things that they take for granted.
Singaporeans are very pampered and we still complain.
And we never stop complaining.
I think all these small small things pisses me off. You know.
Cause I think we are very lucky, very very lucky.
But we don't see it, you know. So this... really pisses me off.
I'm very happy the way it is now.
I will never look back.
I think it's perfect the way it is now.
And um... there are small regrets.
But it comes... with life.
Regrets are part and parcel of life.
Revelations are part and parcel of life.
Turning point is part and parcel of life.
So, um... I will not change anything.
I'm blessed and I'm very lucky so I should not complain.